hey everybody is froz and in this video
i am making my turkey meatloaf this is a
very easy recipe so let's get right to
it so we're starting off with some
turkey breast ground turkey breast and
we are going to add in some chopped bell
peppers and some chopped onion you can
use whatever color bell pepper you
decide to use I'm using a combination of
orange yellow and red
I also added in some minced garlic and
now I'm using my hands to make sure
everything is well incorporated
throughout my bowl I'm going to season
this with some seasoning salt and some
ground black pepper now I'm adding in
two medium-sized eggs and I will use my
hands again to make sure everything is
well incorporated so I like using my
hands on my hands on type of girl if
you're not you can definitely use a
kitchen utensil now I'm going to add in
my fillers and my first filler will be
oatmeal I love using oatmeal and all of
my Meat Loaf's my second filler will be
plain bread crumbs if you want to use
seasoned bread crumbs that is completely
fine this is just my preference and now
I'm going to add in my favorite barbecue
sauce
so once the barbecue sauce is in there
I'm going to use my hands again to make
sure everything is well incorporated and
now I'm going to mold my meatloaf so I
pretty much just put it in a loaf pan
and then I dump it out on my baked dish
just like that we're going to add some
barbecue sauce on top of our meatloaf
and I'm just going to add it a little
bit at a time because I didn't want to
overdo it if you're confident in putting
a lot at once that's completely fine now
I'm going to brush all of that barbecue
sauce on top and then I'm going to cover
this meatloaf using my aluminum foil and
now it's time to bake our meatloaf in
the oven on 375 Fahrenheit for about 25
minutes when your meatloaf comes out
you're going to add more barbecue sauce
brush it on using your brush or you can
use a spoon or whatever works for you
and we're going to leave this uncover it
this time around but before we place it
back in the oven I actually like to use
parsley flakes just sprinkle a little
bit on top just to make it look nice and
pretty and now we're about to put it
back in the oven uncovered for about 10
to 15 more minutes when it comes out you
want it to sit for about 5 to 10 minutes
before cutting in and then my dear we
are ready to serve this make the perfect
dinner my husband loved it my son loved
it as well it's just a family favorite
so tonight I am serving my turkey
meatloaf along with some cheddar garlic
mashed potatoes and that recipe will be
available very soon and I also served it
with some green beans
it was delicious I want to thank you all
for watching don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe if you have not
already be sure to check me out at all
of these other social media sites
because I love hearing from all of you
and if you will like the exact
measurement and more of my recipes be
sure to come visit me at I heart recipes
comm see you soon